Release Akka HTTP 10.1.13 (#761)
akka/akka.io: blog/_posts/2020-11-18-akka-http-10.1.13-released.md

---
layout: post
title: Akka HTTP 10.1.13 Released
author: Johannes
short: We are happy to announce the 10.1.13 release of Akka HTTP
category: news
tags: [releases]
---

Dear hakkers,

We are happy to announce the 10.1.13 release of Akka HTTP. This release is the 13th update in the 10.1.x series of Akka HTTP.

This is a small maintenance release which fixes a bug in the client connection pool and optimizes some cases of discarding
entities.

> At this point, development has shifted to 10.2.x and only important fixes will be backported to 10.1.x. The planned
> end-of-life for 10.1.x in summer 2021 is approaching, so make sure to start migration to [10.2.x](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-http/current/release-notes/10.2.x.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, development has shifted to 10.2.x and only important fixes will be backported to 10.1.x. Any new features will only become available in 10.2.x, so make sure to start migration to [10.2.x](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-http/current/release-notes/10.2.x.html)
```

soon. 

### Changes since 10.1.12

> For a full overview you can also see the [10.1.13 milestone](https://github.com/akka/akka-http/milestone/56?closed=1):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full overview, you can also see the [10.1.13 milestone](https://github.com/akka/akka-http/milestone/56?closed=1)
```
